this YouTube video was presented by
scream scape your ultimate guide to
theme parks
oh my god that was so much fun
alright we are back in the game section
but we have Adrian here nice peach 8 and
meet you he is the
sales manager sounds like a James Bond
title yet international sales manager of
a tech games and we couldn't help but
notice machine back to you this synket
shootout now obviously the legend likes
to partake in some beer pong yeah just
every little every day every day from
time to time you know I host bar falling
every week in bars yet heeya so we had
to stop and talk to you about this game
yeah where did this idea come fri it's
probably a stupid question but uh I'm
from pure pop on the bars college turkey
and everything like that for the 32 year
old guys and our first version came out
last year very successful in a problem
we got many of the games on an impulse
of above market and then we knew we
needed something for the FTC's for the
arcades but the family entertainment saw
man if dave & buster's had this game
this is a must play for you yep we got
them all lined up there pretty happy so
I'm pretty happy I got one down the
block so we're pretty happy with the
game and working off that same gameplay
as you can see the kids love it
everybody likes it well the difference
we've done over the beer pong is that
you not only have the option of bouncing
it you can also cost yeah we found a lot
of people that have entirely too young
to car taken upon our capsule realizes
that very cool i like it i can't wait as
a i think it's about time for another
eye appt a challenge here Clint I don't
know what the final decision was but I'd
say it 33 no there's we have to go back
and look at the tape look at the tape
out of line is will still tally it up
see what hap could be a tie one of those
could be winning all right let's but
we'll see now the gameplay itself you
get how many shots are is a shot thing
or time thing how does it work i think
is 60 seconds okay 30 volts dirty balls
keep coming at you dude basically we're
trying to close off ten of them.all
channel down quickest time least amount
of all there you go and of course we
have lots of settings this you can have
a more adult drupa you can adjust the
game and bring those down to 20 balls 40
seconds lots of up so a it can be set by
the very you have a younger crowd you
can increase the long haul
increase the time it's very cool that's
smart it's it customizable well Adrian
want to thank you for coming on and
hearing all about this but now it's time
for me and him time to the challenge oh
yeah it's the true bar palm king all
right keep such an one
it's kind of cool cause you could like
bounce it off the floor or the backboard
how you out i'm at three
for
bumbling here
Oh crud I need a rear ack Ted 010 oh
yeah I guess I lost you I keep going I
guess yeah
that's why you another beer pong
partners yeah and then let me do this
with a haze bar pong I play beer pong